This animation was created in just two
minutes. And guys, this one within just
three minutes. None of them required any
traditional video editing software. So,
how is all of this possible? Well, guys,
the answer is the motion integrated with
clawed code. And I need to show you this
because it honestly it just changes
everything about how motion graphics get
made. And guys, here's what I mean. If
you are a video editor, you can create
custom animated segments for your
projects. That means the title cards,
the lower thirds, the transitions
without ever opening an editing
software. So guys, if you are building a
SAS or an app, then you can just
generate polished product demos that
show exactly how your software works.
And if you're running a business, you
can turn your website into a
professional explainer video in just a
few [music] minutes. So, let me explain
what's actually happening over here.
Okay, so Remotion is a framework that
creates animations using code. But
here's the key part. You don't write any
of the code. Claude code does all of
that for you. So, just kind of think of
it like this. You give Claude a prompt
describing the motion graphic that you
want. Then Claude writes all of the
Remotion code behind the scenes. The
Motion then renders that code into an
actual video file and you get a
professional result without [music]
touching a single line of code. I mean
guys, just take a look at this. This
product demo has custom animations timed
perfectly with the message. It uses
specific fonts, specific colors, and has
multiple scenes that flow together
seamlessly. Guys, this is real motion
design. And guys, everything that you
need, the setup guide, the commands, the
prompts, all of that is in our free
school [music] community, guys. There
are already 12,000 creators already
inside, guys. Go and check it out. I
guarantee you, you are going to love it.
The link is in the description below.
But right now, let's hop over to the PC.
Okay guys, so now that we are over to
the PC, guys, let's get into the
installation. Okay, so for this method,
what you are going to need is VS Code.
Okay. And the best part is guys, it is
free and also you are going to need a
Claude Pro subscription which [music] is
about 20 $20 a month. So that's
basically it guys. Okay. And now let me
walk you through everything step by
step. Okay. So what you're going to do
is you're going to open VS Code and then
you're going to go to the terminal at
the top menu and then you're going to
click on new terminal. And then you'll
see a terminal window appear at the
bottom of your screen and then this is
actually where we will run our
installation command. Okay. So now
here's the exact command that you're
going to need. So you can just copy it
from the free school guide. Everything
is in the description below guys. And
then you are going to go ahead and
you're going to paste that [music] into
your terminal. And then you're going to
hit enter. And guys, basically this
command just downloads the the motion
skill and it installs it for claw to
use. So you'll see some prompts come up
and then all you need to do is basically
just follow along and it's pretty
straightforward if I'm being honest. And
the whole process takes about 30 to
let's say 60 seconds. So guys, once it's
done, you'll see a message that confirms
that Remotion has been installed. And
now, let's verify that it actually
worked. Okay. So, let's just do a quick
test and I want to show you guys how
easy this is. So, I'll give Claude a
simple prompt for a coffee video. Okay.
And now I want you to watch what happens
next. Okay. So, now Claude is actually
starting to work. It's writing the code
and it's setting up the composition. So,
here we can see guys, it is getting to
work. And just like that guys, we now
have a motion graphic and we went from
nothing to a rendered animation in
literally just less than a minute. So
now if you want the full claw desktop
experience with co-work then that's also
$100 a month as an extra option. So it
[music] has better file management for
complex projects but for creating motion
graphics VS [music] Code it works just
as well and it's a fifth of the price.
So you are saving money. Okay, so now
let's go to some actual examples. Okay,
so first up for the editing. So let's
say you are editing a video and you need
an animation title sequence, a lower
third or a custom transition. So
normally you would have to jump into
After Effects. Then you have to spend
about 30 minutes to an hour just
building it out and then you would have
to render it and then you would import
it back into your timeline which is
pretty difficult guys. So with Remotion
and Claude you can actually just
describe what you want and everything
that's done in literally just a [music]
few minutes. So, let me show you guys
how all of this works. Okay, so I need
animation intro for a YouTube video.
Okay, so I'll type out my prompt and
then I want you guys to watch how Claude
will work through this. So, it's now
setting up the composition. It's
creating the animation. It's styling
everything. And here is the result. Here
we go, guys. Take a look at this. So, as
you can see, it's clean. It's
professional. It's exactly what I
described. And now I can export this and
I can drop it straight into my edit. And
guys, here is where it gets even more
powerful. So, let's say we have a client
and let's say that client wants a
different color scheme. [music] And all
I have to do is I just tell Claude,
"Change the accent color to blue and
make the text white." [music] And then
just like that, done. No hunting through
After Effects layers, no rrendering, and
just hoping that you got it right. Just
describe what you want and it happens.
Okay guys, so now let's talk about
building product demos. So, as a SAS
founder or app developer, you need to
show people how your software works. So,
let's just be honest. Screen recordings
with a voice over, it can only get you
so far. With Remotion, you can create a
polished product demo that actually
looks like you hired a motion design
team. So, let's build one right now and
let me show you guys. So, I'm going to
create a demo for a meditation app.
Okay, so here's the prompt. So, [music]
guys, this is a more complex request.
So, it has multiple scenes. There's
specific animations, UI mockups, and I
want you guys to watch how Claude
actually handles all of this. Okay, so
here's the result. Look at this. Okay,
so the app interface, it animates
[music] in the features get highlighted.
Everything flows together and this would
take hours into traditional software.
Literally [music] hours. Okay guys, so
now let's iterate. So maybe I want the
transition to be faster and let's say I
want to add a pricing section at the
end. Okay, then I'll just tell Claude
exactly that and I want you guys to see
this. So see how quickly that is
updated. So now the transitions are
snappier and we have a new pricing scene
and this workflow guys this is the
workflow that changes everything. You
are not fighting the software. You are
just having a simple conversation and
it's giving you exactly what you want.
Okay guys and the last example that I
really want us to go through is the one
that's if you are a business owner.
Okay. So let's say you own a business.
Let's say that you have a website and
you want to turn your key message into a
professional explainer video. So, I'm
going to give Claude my website URL and
I'm going to ask it to create a motion
graphic based on what it finds there.
Okay. So, now Claude is pulling the
information from the site, the brand
colors, the services, the key selling
points, and now let's build out the
animation. Okay, so here's the result,
guys. Just look at this. The color
palette matches the brand. The messaging
is pulled directly from the website and
the animations just look amazing. And
the best part is it looks super
professional. And this is a real
explainer video for your business
created in minutes based on content that
you already have. And let's say you want
to change something. Okay, then [music]
it's basically just the same process.
You say make the text larger and slow
down the transitions between sections.
and then claude actually adjust it
renders and there you have an updated
version. Now guys let me give you five
pro tips. Okay, so this is going to get
you better results with your plants. So
the first thing guys is be specific
about your timing. Okay, so instead of
saying slow fade, say 2 fade in. Um
Claude actually understands exact
durations and it will create much more
precise animations. So the more specific
you are with timing, the more control
until you have over the final result.
And then guys, the second thing is
mention your brand assets. So if you
have a logo file or specific images,
just tell Claude to use the logo from my
files [music] and it can actually
incorporate your actual assets directly
into the motion graphic. And guys, this
is making a truly custom a custom
[music] design for your brand. And the
third thing guys is describe the vibe
that you are going for. [music] So words
like energetic or minimal or corporate
or playful or even calming guys help
Claude understand the overall feel that
you want. And this affects everything
from the animation speed to the color
choices to how elements move on the
screen. And then the fourth thing guys
that I want you guys to remember is
specify your aspect ratios up front. So
if you're making content for Instagram
stories or Tik Tok then say create a
vertical 9x6 video for YouTube say
create a 16x9 horizontal video and this
saves you from having to recreate the
whole thing in [music] a different
format later on. And guys the fifth
thing is break complex projects into
scenes. Okay. So instead of asking for
one massive 15 scene video, describe it
as scene one shows this, scene two
transitions like that, scene three ends
with this. And this helps Claude
structure the video better and it gives
you more control over the flow. Now
guys, here is where it gets really
powerful. Okay, so you can integrate the
motion directly into the apps that you
are building with clawed code. So motion
graphic generation becomes just another
feature in your project. So, let me show
you what I mean, okay? With a let's
let's just do a real example, okay? So,
let's build a simple meal planning app,
okay? So, users input their dietary
preferences and then the app will
actually generate a weekly meal plan
with recipes. So, it's pretty standard
stuff, [music] but now we're actually
going to prompt it to create a simple
animation with each meal plan. So, that
becomes a visual hook for the app users.
So, that motion graphic gets generated
automatically. The app pulls the meal
data, the ingredients with the timing,
the everything, guys. Remotion turns it
into a branded animation. So there's no
manual editing for you. It just happens
when you click generate my [music] plan.
So when you install the Votion skill in
your Claude code project, it becomes
available alongside everything else that
you're building. So you can take a
generation based on user actions or data
changes. Claude handles the code, the
motion, it enters the video, and your
app delivers it. And the key thing here
is that VMotion isn't just for making
individual motion graphics. It's
programmable video engine you can build
into anything. And that's what makes the
[music] difference. It's not just a
tool. It's basically think about it as a
building block. Okay. So now before you
run out guys and you start creating some
stuff, let me save you a whole lot of
frustration while you are in the design
process. So here are two mistakes that I
made when I first started. Okay, so
mistake number one is asking too much at
once. Okay, we've all been there, guys.
So I try to create like 30 second videos
with 10 different scenes in one prompt
and claude all it does is claude just
gets confused and then what happens is
if it gets confused [music] your result
ends up just being a complete mess. So
break it down give everything in stages
[music] and then just describe it scene
by scene. And now guys mistake number
two was not iterating enough. So your
first iteration might be 80% there but
then don't settle. Tell Claude what to
adjust. Don't just accept it. Don't just
be okay with where you are. Change the
colors, adjust [music] the timing, tweak
the text, do whatever you need to in
order to get you 100% of the way. The
iteration is where all of the magic
happens, guys. And now, guys, let me be
honest about the limitations. Okay? So,
this is best for motion graphics. So,
animation, text, shapes, transitions,
UI, mockups. So, if you actually need
video clips of people or places, then
you still need to film that or you need
to use stock footage. And sometimes, if
I'm being honest, guys, the timing just
isn't quite right or an element just
doesn't animate exactly how you pictured
it. And I mean, that is pretty normal.
So, you give Claude feedback and it does
adjust. But guys, that's [music] just an
important thing to pay attention to when
it comes to the limitations. But, as you
guys can see, there's a whole lot of
amazing things that is going on with
this tool. [music] So, I want you guys
to check it out. Let me know in the
comments what do you guys think of it.
And there we have it, guys. But I want
you to think about what all of this
actually means. Okay? So, six months
ago, if you wanted motion graphics for
your business, you had three options.
You could either spend months learning
After Effects, you could pay a designer
$300 to $500 per video, or you could
settle for generic templates that look
like everyone else's content. Now, you
could create custom professional motion
graphics by simply just describing what
you want. And guys, this isn't just a
cool tool. This is the kind of tool that
is going to take your design game to the
next level. You don't need a degree. All
you need to do is just follow what we
went through in today's video step by
step and you are going to be designing
some incredible things. And guys, if you
want all of the complete resources, the
templates, and a step-by-step guide,
then all you need to do is join our free
school community, guys. The link is in
the description below. And guys, I just
want to say thank you so much for
watching. And also, guys, don't forget
to drop a comment down below, guys. And
also give this video a like and share it
out. So, that is it for this one, guys.
It's been a whole lot of fun. Thank you
so much for watching. Give this video a
like and also subscribe to the channel
so that you never miss another video.